The way that you can be the best at your job, the way that you can work
smarter is open up the books. I have to say you know, I wasn't really
a STEM engineering type myself you know. I think everybody had an
upper hand on me when I first joined, but the difference between me
and a lot of other guys and girls while we were going through, the
reason that I can really rise through the ranks is because I was opening
the books all the time. There's these things called watches that
you stand, where you kinda sit in a chair and you like watch gauges
and make sure that you know nothing's like exploding. But that's
kinda like free time you know, so you can't like read comic books, you
can't watch a movie there, so with that spare time they actually
tell you, open up the books you know. Open up and keep your training
going yourself. So that's what I used to do, that's what I did, and
it's, I found out that month after month you know, year after year,
my knowledge was steadily improving, and I think it has a lot to do
with the fact that I was reading a lot during my watches.